Updates README to include dual releases (#871)
google/accompanist: README.md

---

## Compose versions

> Each [release](https://github.com/google/accompanist/releases) outlines what version of the Compose libraries it depends on. Currently, there's a dual release process, depending on what version of Compose you want to target:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each [release](https://github.com/google/accompanist/releases) outlines what version of the Compose libraries it depends on. We are currently releasing multiple versions of Accompanist for the different versions of Compose:
```
